Enhance custom dashboard tutorial with manifest configuration details for typescript (#7775)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-custom-dashboard/README.md

## Setting up a package

1. Follow the [Vite Package Setup](../../customizing/development-flow/vite-package-setup.md) by creating a new project folder called "`welcome-dashboard`" in `App_Plugins`.
2. Create a manifest file to define and configure your dashboard. You can define the manifest in either JSON or TypeScript.

### Manifest

> Dashboard extensions can be defined either with JSON in `umbraco-package.json` or with JavaScript/TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a manifest file to define and configure your dashboard using either JSON or TypeScript.
```

}
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}

> {% tab title="TypeScript" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% tab title="TypeScript Manifest" %}
```
